README.md, before:

# nsul-loader

Load the ONS National Statistics UPRN Lookup dataset into BigQuery.

## Downloading the data to GCS

The file is about ~400MB compressed but 12.5GB decompressed.
You can use Cloud Build to download the data from ONS and upload it to GCS on GCP.
No local download required!

```
gcloud builds submit --no-source --config download_to_gcs.yaml \
    --substitutions=_NSUL_URL="$NSUL_URL",_BUCKET_NAME="$BUCKET_NAME",_PUBLICATION_DATE="$PUBLICATION_DATE"
```

Parameters:

* `NSUL_URL`: URL to file. For example, in the [November 2021 edition](https://geoportal.statistics.gov.uk/datasets/national-statistics-uprn-lookup-november-2021/about), the URL is `https://www.arcgis.com/sharing/rest/content/items/c9405798d9fa41fcb52e07cb79b431d5/data`.
* `BUCKET_NAME`: name of the datasets bucket. See the output of the latest `terraform apply` in the [`infrastructure`](https://github.com/centrefornetzero/infrastructure) repo.
* `PUBLICATION_DATE`: in `YYYY-MM-DD` format, e.g. `2021-11-01` for the November 2021 edition.

## Uploading to BigQuery

Run `BUCKET_PATH="gs://..." ./bq_upload.sh` where `BUCKET_PATH` is the path to the decompressed files on GCS.

Commit message:

Add missing parameters to readme

README.md, after:

# nsul-loader

Load the ONS National Statistics UPRN Lookup dataset into BigQuery.

## Downloading the data to GCS

The file is about ~400MB compressed but 12.5GB decompressed.
You can use Cloud Build to download the data from ONS and upload it to GCS on GCP.
No local download required!

```
gcloud builds submit --no-source --config download_to_gcs.yaml \
    --substitutions=_NSUL_URL="$NSUL_URL",_BUCKET_NAME="$BUCKET_NAME",_PUBLICATION_DATE="$PUBLICATION_DATE"
```

Parameters:

* `NSUL_URL`: URL to file. For example, in the [November 2021 edition](https://geoportal.statistics.gov.uk/datasets/national-statistics-uprn-lookup-november-2021/about), the URL is `https://www.arcgis.com/sharing/rest/content/items/c9405798d9fa41fcb52e07cb79b431d5/data`.
* `BUCKET_NAME`: name of the datasets bucket. See the output of the latest `terraform apply` in the [`infrastructure`](https://github.com/centrefornetzero/infrastructure) repo.
* `PUBLICATION_DATE`: in `YYYY-MM-DD` format, e.g. `2021-11-01` for the November 2021 edition.

## Uploading to BigQuery

```
BUCKET_PATH="gs://..." EDITION_YEAR_MONTH="YYYY-MM" ./bq_upload.sh
```

Parameters:
* `BUCKET_PATH`: path to the decompressed files on GCS.
* `EDITION_YEAR_MONTH`: edition of NSUL, e.g. `2021-11` for November 2021.
